FOCUS #252: Identifying custom columns (#252)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/attributes/currency_code_format.md

Columns that contain currency information in cost data following a consistent format reduces friction for FinOps practitioners that consume the data for analysis, reporting, and other use cases.

> All columns capturing a currency value, defined in the FOCUS specification, MUST follow the requirements listed below. Custom currency-related columns SHOULD also follow the same formatting requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All columns capturing a currency value, defined in the FOCUS specification, MUST follow the requirements listed below. Provider-defined currency-related columns SHOULD follow the same formatting requirements.
```
